I think when you talk about insiders,
that um, you know, betraying a
confidentiality agreement.
>> Right. Right. Right.
I I don't think those incentives are
great for the market, but you definitely
want informed people that are doing
research, and I just I don't think it's
good to
leak sensitive military information and
things like that.
Hi, Tellus.
>> Hi, Miriam. So, we have an exciting
conversation coming up in a bit about
prediction markets, but first I wanted
to talk about some big earnings reports
that are happening this week. We have a
lot of the hyperscalers reporting.
Remember, these are the big tech
companies that are investing a ton into
AI and building out data centers.
>> not calling them the Mag 7 anymore? Have
we dropped that term? I think that maybe
we shouldn't call them so magnificent
anymore because while they powered a lot
of the gains of in the stock market over
the last few years, they have kind of
like lost steam a little bit. Um,
Bloomberg actually helpfully has the
Bloomberg Magnificent Seven Total Return
Index. And I looked at that, and as of
this recording, it's basically flat
year-to-date,
but the S&P 500 total return is up. So,
actually, it's not the main engine this
year.
>> seven.
>> The not-so-magnificent seven.
>> regular seven. But they are magnificent
in terms of how much they're investing
in AI. They are big spenders, and of
course, we're talking about Microsoft,
Meta, Amazon, Alphabet. They're all
reporting this coming week. Um, and I
think that investors are going to be
looking at, you know, as we've discussed
in previous episodes, how much they're
spending on AI. Um, as our colleague Dan
Gallagher pointed out in a Heard column,
uh, you know, if they slow down in AI
spending, it would could be seen as a
bad sign by the market that maybe
they're bearish on it. So, they kind of
all have to keep up this frenetic pace
of spending.
>> Well, I think they're caught between a
rock and a hard place here because well,
on the one hand, as you just said, you
know, the market really expects them to
keep spending, you know, taking the foot
off the gas might, you know, be an
indicator that, oh, they're they're
running out of financial might, or why
don't they have more things to invest
in? On the other hand, though, and I
think Barron's was writing about this
recently, I think there's a real
expectation that they want to start to
show some results from all this AI
investment.
>> the investment paying off?
>> Yeah, our our our colleagues again at
Heard, Dan Gallagher and Ace of Pitch,
were just writing that, you know,
Microsoft, for example, its Copilot
product, right? The sort of AI-powered
assistance through, you know, that that
that that you can use throughout its
products, is that generating the the
kind of revenues that you would expect
to see? So, they're kind of in a tough
place, right? On the one hand, people
want to see this magnificence of
spending continue, but does it Are they
generating any kind of operating
leverage from that, right? Are their
revenues growing faster than that
spending? And they can't slow down the
spending, and then, you know, and then
just say, "Well, now, but the revenues
are going to increase." So, it might be
a tough time for them. So, I'm not
shocked that the returns haven't been
great so far. And also, which line item
do you look at to say this, you know,
revenue is from AI investment, or is the
product of AI investment? I mean, it's
kind of a little bit murky, but one
thing that Barron's said is to look at
cloud services revenue. So, I think
that's interesting. To the extent that
these companies report that, if you look
at that, then you could maybe get a
sense of how directly this AI CapEx is
playing out.
>> Yeah, cuz it's not so clear as like, AI
revenue is like a line in their
>> Meta makes a lot of revenue from
advertising, which we don't know how
much that has to do with AI.
>> is now like AI-powered. So, just is
their general, you know, kind of
advertising revenue increase the result
of their AI investments? You I mean, I
guess you kind of have to take their
word for it.
>> Right. Yeah.
>> And and whether the market does or
doesn't
is part of what makes them either, you
know, kind of continue to shoot up in
price or not. And that maybe why they're
not performing as well so far this year.
It's just kind of confusing to know
what's driving their returns and whether
their investment is paying off. Well,
there are a lot of investors I think
that want to cut through that confusion
by turning their attention to something
else. And so, that brings us to our
second kind of topic in in in earnings
sort of focus, which is,
way at the other end of the spectrum,
well, not entirely, but real estate,
right?
Hard assets, things that are not, you
know, in the in the ethereal realm of
the cloud and artificial intelligence,
but like buildings and things like that.
Uh, we're going to have a bunch of
reports from
what what what in the industry they call
multifamily residential REITs, that is,
real estate investment trusts that own
apartment buildings.
We're going to be getting reports from
them this coming week that include
Avalon Bay, Equity Residential, Essex
Property Trust, Mid-America Apartment
Communities. So, a bunch of them. And
what's interesting is that their stocks
have not actually been doing all that
great lately. So, that turn to hard
assets hasn't paid off yet. And while
the initial issue with them is probably
interest rates, right?
>> Yeah, when they when interest rates rose
really rapidly in 2022, that was
directly a negative for these stocks.
>> Right, because that that makes it more
expensive to finance real estate. It
kind of the the the return on real
estate is sort of the inverse of of of
interest rates. And the the recent
notion in the market that maybe the Fed
is going to have to leave interest rates
higher for longer, if not even in some
corners think that they might have to
hike them in response to the inflation
concerns coming out of the Middle East,
etc.,
is not great for those stocks. But
another thing that's been kind of
hounding them that might turn around is
something that might surprise people,
which is that
the rental market. Now, most people
think of costs and affordability in the
United States, you know, costs going up
up up. But actually, at the moment,
rents nationally are growing at just
2.6% uh, year-over-year, according to
CPI data. And that's actually
uh, the lowest figure outside of the
kind of weird post-COVID uh, sort of
noise uh, in over a decade. And what has
happened is that after COVID, there was
this big building boom. Everybody rushed
to construct big apartment buildings.
Those eventually came onto the market.
There was then an oversupply.
Uh, the vacancy rate went up. That's
especially been the case for like fancy
kind of uh, expensive rental properties.
>> I know we in New York drive by or, you
know, walk by these big empty luxury
condo buildings, and like, what what the
heck are these are supposed to be? Well,
and the but the problem is not It's not
necessarily a New York problem. It's
It's happening in, you know, parts of
the country that that were fast-growing,
you know, the Sun Belt, regions like
that, where there was maybe some
overbuilding.
>> Overinvestment, yeah. People were very
excited about those markets. But a lot
of these companies have been talking
about they are starting to see a turn in
that cycle. Some of them have predicted
an increase in um, rental kind of rates,
you know, maybe in the back half of this
year. So, I think people will be looking
very carefully at the commentary for
those companies when they report
earnings to see if the cycle has started
If we've worked through that excess
inventory, if the vacancy rates have
started to come down, and if there's
actually now kind of an increase in
rental rates, which is maybe not what a
lot of people want to hear in their
lives, but, you know, as an investor
looking at these real estate companies
is what you'd want to see.
>> And that could turn very quickly. So,
it's something that I've been very
interested in because, you know, as I
look out across the market and I think
about my own investment portfolio, which
consists of ETFs cuz that's what we're
allowed to own here at The Wall Street
Journal as employees here, um, I think
about, you know, how everything across
my portfolio is trading at a 52-week
high, except for these REITs. And so,
maybe maybe now is the time to buy these
on the cheap. It may not be quite yet,
though. So, that's something that you
kind of have to look for in, you know,
these earnings reports to see, okay, now
is now the moment when we're bottoming
out and things are turning around.
>> Actually, this is something that we've
kind of discussed with our audience
before. One thing we've heard in
feedback is that people don't just think
of their portfolios as stocks and bonds,
they think about other asset classes.
And one of those things is real estate.
And real estate is something that you
can invest in in a lot of different
ways. You can own a home, for example.
That's one way to invest in real estate.
But you can do it through things like
we've been talking about here, real
estate investment trusts. So, we'd like
our audience to give us some feedback
about how they are thinking about real
estate investing, not just the form that
they do it, but why? What What do you
think you're looking to get out of that?
And I think it will be interesting
because it will dovetail into this
broader discussion about whether or not
people want more hard assets in their
portfolio. They're tired of software and
AI and things that you can't touch and
feel and live in the
cloud.
You know, these are things that right
down here on the ground on Earth. I
think that's a big trend and something
that we should talk more about on this
show. Hint hint. And that we might be
talking about in an upcoming episode.
>> Look forward to that.
>> [laughter and gasps]
>> We also wanted to shout out to our
listener, Leandro,
um, who wrote a really compelling
response to our last question to uh,
listeners, which was about airlines.
Here's part of what he said.
I'm bullish on the group outperforming
the broader market in the near to medium
term. The core reason is pricing power.
Even with elevated fuel costs, airlines
have structurally repriced their
businesses over the past two to three
years. And he gives as an example base
fares, seat selection, baggage, and
premium cabins. Those increases tend to
be sticky on the way up. So, that's sort
of what we got into in our last week's
episode, talking about, you know,
oil prices going up, how that's going to
translate into higher jet fuel costs,
but how airlines are now offsetting that
with higher baggage fees, which do not
go away, unlike, you know, the way that
fuel prices wax and wane. So, as we talk
about alternative ways to invest, one
thing that we are constantly confronted
with in the national conversation and
that you read about it all the time in
the Wall Street Journal are prediction
markets.
What role do prediction markets that
have arisen, and these are names like
Kalshi, Polymarket, they're also
prediction contracts offered by the
likes of Robinhood, is that something
that people are starting to think about
as a new way to invest in their lives?
A lot of people though might call it
gambling, especially when it comes to
sports. There are sports prediction
contracts that you might look at and
say, "Well, gee, how is that different
from a sports bet?" This is actually a
really interesting legal question that's
been coming up a lot lately and that
will be, I think, in the headlines for a
while. You have the regulated futures
market that now includes prediction
markets. That is regulated by the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission,
the CFTC. There are states that have
long regulated gambling
within their borders.
These states want to continue regulating
some of these sports markets as
gambling. The CFTC says, "No."
So, there's litigation between those two
groups. The federal government and the
states are arguing about
whether or not these things constitute
gambling. And I think, look, putting
aside, we're not lawyers here. I don't
know which of those entities is right
about the the the legal definitions of
these things. But intellectually and
thinking about it as an investor,
should you be thinking about prediction
markets and in particular the sports
element of them as gambling or
investment? Is this something that you
might need in your portfolio or is this
something that you might do for fun or
because you have a view on your favorite
team? And I think some experts on
prediction markets have a more nuanced
view of this. And that's actually a good
segue into our conversation for today,
which was with Andrew Courtney of Kalshi
Economics. Now, Andrew is a former
trader
um who now tracks the prediction
markets. But just some disclosures up
front, Kalshi Economics has a
partnership with Kalshi and could earn
referral fees from it. Dow Jones, which
is the publisher of the Wall Street
Journal, has a partnership with
Polymarket, which is of course the other
big prediction market. And we had a
great conversation with Andrew about
these prediction markets, which
obviously go well beyond just sports.
And we're going to have that
conversation when we come back after the
break.
Hi, Andrew. Thanks for joining us. Great
to be here. So, I really wanted to get
into your personal background a little
bit. How did you get interested in
prediction markets and what role did
they play for you as a professional
trader? I actually started a ways back.
Uh there was a research study called the
Good Judgment Project in the 2010s. And
it was basically a prediction market. It
was free to join uh and they had a bunch
of people from the public predict
macroeconomic events, geopolitical
events, and
>> money involved. No, it was a it's a
research project. I think I might have
gotten a Amazon gift card at the end,
>> [laughter]
>> but that was the extent of it. But, you
know, at the time I was a trader at SIG
and
>> That's that's Susquehanna. Susquehanna.
which my role involved a lot of
international markets, so I was
following a lot of international news.
And so, it felt a little bit to me like
an extension of my job.
>> And how similar do you find
the the the types of markets that that
now exist in those prediction markets to
what you were doing professionally
before as a, you know, working at a big
market making firm like Susquehanna,
which makes markets in stocks, bonds,
options, et cetera, like all the the the
major asset classes? Yes, it varies
quite a bit. Some of them are
almost exact analogs, like will the S&P
finish above 7,000 at the end of this
week? There are option prices on the S
on the S&P 500 that pretty directly from
the option prices imply those
probabilities. So, while the prediction
market maybe makes it more legible to to
the public, option market makers already
know these probabilities and already
trading them for for many years. Can you
talk a little bit more about what a
market maker is and why it's important
to understand that in, you know, the
role of market makers in prediction
markets?
>> Certain asset classes or exchanges will
define like a market maker role for a
specific type of security, which often
comes with requirements. Say you have
to, you know, uh provide two-sided
quotes on some market for some percent
of the day. They have to be no
>> that like you have to be out there
saying, "I'll buy for this, I'll sell
for that." You're always available to be
to trade. To buy or sell. And the exact
rules vary a lot by asset class or even
exchange, but generally you're, you
know, providing a buy and a sell price
consistently and taking other side of,
you know, incoming orders. And so, for a
lot of markets,
there might not be natural liquidity in
some niche
um
political market on a Kalshi. And
especially Kalshi has thousands of
markets.
Uh there's probably not someone who
wants to trade with you at the instant
you want to trade
and has a posted price. And so, market
makers serve this very useful economic
function of, you know,
intermediate across time and supply and
demand on these markets. And especially
when you have a really wide set of
markets like you do in options or
prediction markets, um
it it helps uh market quality
significantly you have a market maker.
And importantly, that's something that
makes a prediction market
different from, I mean, you know, you
could argue spiritually it's like
making a bet, right? Like gambling. But,
you know, when we think of traditional
sort of betting, you're betting against
the house, right? Like the the the
bookie or casino or whatever comes up
with the odds maker comes up with odds
and you can say that, "Oh, I think it's
more or less likely than that." But, in
a market like
like like Polymarket or or or Kalshi,
you're not no one is setting the odds
except for what the views of the people
buying and selling are, right? So, it's
the same way that that nobody sets, "Oh,
you know, we think that the stock price,
you know, IBM is $50 today. Do you want
to buy or sell?" It's like there are
buys, there are sells and they kind of
match in the middle. And that's how
that's how prediction markets work,
right? And distinguishes them from
Right. I can, you know, I'm not a market
maker on Kalshi. I can post, if I want,
two-sided buy and sell prices and
manually adjust them.
Now, I'm not really I'm providing
liquidity in a sense, but I'm not doing
that all day and updating my markets
every few seconds as news comes out.
But, I can, you know, put these orders
in and provide liquidity. And that's
that's different than the environment on
um sports book or casino where you're
playing against the house.
So, prediction markets let you bet on
all kinds of things, whether, sports,
um politics, geopolitical events.
But um I want to understand a little bit
more about how the process works. I
mean, recently a trio of Polymarket
accounts made 600,000 betting on a
ceasefire in Iran,
for example. So, can you tell us more
about how the process works? Like if who
starts a contract like that and how
would it then get going to to the end
result? Well, on Kalshi, which I'm most
familiar with, they they would list the
contracts. And they have thousands of
contracts on all kinds of different
things.
Um and so, yeah, the exchange is making
a decision and importantly, they're
writing the rules. And so, there's the
headline of the contract, you know, will
so-and-so say this word.
But and most people don't read the fine
print, each uh market has a PDF document
that sometimes is very long and
detailed. Like, does the plural of the
word count? Does the past tense? Does it
count if they say it in Spanish? And
a lot of people get tripped up by some
of these things don't match exactly. And
those PDFs are written by Kalshi? Yes.
So, they have a market design team. So,
uh and, you know, in reality, it's
really hard to map reality sometimes to
a yes or a no. Sometimes it's simple,
you know, who won the election. There's
there are sources data sources or
journalists, you know, have good Even
things like that have been contested in
the past, right? So, you need some
source that says, "Right. Okay." So,
there's been some growing pains on
mapping reality to a yes or no that
everyone agrees on. And
I think it's to be expected. I think the
job of writing good markets is a
challenging one. And you know, I I I as
this asset class matures, I think you're
going to get better and better um market
definitions over time. Because and
frankly, it's a hard job. It's very
labor intensive. There's a part of even
being a trader that's, you know, pricing
odds and probabilities. And there's a
part of being a trader that's like
really understanding this legal document
and maybe precedents. So, you kind of
have to be both a mathematician and a
contract lawyer to to really master
this. So, going back to that example of
uh a ceasefire in Iran, right? A
contract to to to say whether or not
that will happen on date X or Y.
Who is generally making up the
population of people placing bets there?
Is it possible to say how much of that
is being done by professional market
makers versus just individuals?
What's
Give us the flavor of that. Yeah, so on
Kalshi, you don't know who you're
trading against.
On Polymarket, you can see like a wallet
ID.
But, you know, people can have multiple
wallets. You're not really sure. You can
see the the history of that wallet. Um
I've written about this a little bit.
You know, in financial markets, you have
a couple different, say, species of
trader. Um you have someone who is, we
call the noise trader in financial
literature. Uh they don't really have
information. Um you know, they're
probably on average losing money. There
are sharp bettors that have information
or sharp traders. Um
I use the term better and trader pretty
interchangeably because it's it's it is
making a bet. So, yeah, you probably
have people who are experts in
geopolitics, people who following it the
news extremely closely. And, you know,
as we've seen in in certain markets, uh
there have been insiders on geopolitical
events. I think in Israel, some
reservist traded on some confidential
military information. And I think the
Trump administration actually advised
its own staffers, the Wall Street
Journal reported, not to trade on
prediction markets around geopolitical
events like this. I guess what's
interesting about that to me as well is
that, you know, this question of whether
or not there are insiders and I'm not
using that term, you know, sort of
legally like what whether insider
meaning like somebody who actually knows
what's about to happen or insiders just
people who are so familiar with the
dynamics that they are they can make
much more informed bets than you are.
If I'm betting in those markets, maybe I
don't like that because I don't have
that inside information and
you know, I'm always worried that that
you know, I'm kind of you know, what's
the saying you look around the table you
wonder who the the the bag holder is
it's you, right?
But if I'm looking if I'm using those
markets for information,
I mean, I'd like to see more insiders
doing that, right? Like I want people to
have an incentive to bring their
information to the market and say, you
know, what this thing that seems remote,
right? That you know, there's going to
be some political event, you know, so
and so's going to win this election like
well gosh, that's a deep red district.
How could a you know, how could a
Democrat win that? Well, actually, you
know, somebody who really understands
that district knows something. I want
that insider information, right? I want
informed traders in the market. I think
when you talk about insiders that um you
know, betraying a confidentiality
agreement.
And I I don't think those incentives are
great for the market, but yeah, you you
definitely want informed people that are
doing research and I just I don't think
it's good, you know, uh
to leak sensitive military information
and things like that. So So I there's a
there's a difference in my mind.
You mentioned like different um things
that these could be compared to. It
could be compared to betting, it could
be compared to, you know, gambling in a
casino, it could be compared to
investing. Like like an option on the
S&P 500. Are are would you consider,
you know,
you know, opening up a contract on a
prediction market to be more akin to
investing or more akin to betting?
I think there's a spectrum as there is
with a lot of things. I mean, if they
opened up a contract on will the coin
flip be heads or tails?
That's clearly about betting.
Um and some of these contracts, you
know, will someone say a specific word?
That feels more like betting to me.
You can argue for the hedge utility of
some of these markets.
I said people have real exposure to
elections. So I think there's a there's
a credible reason why people would want
to trade on that. Unlike stock market
investing, which the stock market can go
up, the pie can get bigger.
Uh prediction markets are zero sum and
with [clears throat] fees are negative
sum.
Which is similar to options. Zero sum
negative sum with commissions. But the
question is is you know, is it on sports
betting side, I'd call that more
entertainment. So do people get
entertainment value out of it?
Um and is there on the more investment
like side, is there hedge utility in in
trading these things? And
or or is it a speculation?
>> But from a regulatory point of view, I
mean, the reason that these things that
they these contracts are allowed and
regulated by the CFTC is that they are
to be used for hedging, right? And
though the the government doesn't
specify, you know, what what you might
be hedging like even a sports betting
contract,
I mean, some people consider that a form
of hedging. Do you think that that's how
you know, these markets are are being
used as economic hedges?
>> I mean, I think when you when you see
all the volume on sports contracts,
my my my gut feeling is that most of
that is not hedging. Most of that is
entertainment. And there might be some
use cases that are hedging.
At the same time, how many trades in oil
futures are actually hedging and not
speculation? And so there's there's not
really a fine line. I think the
entertainment side is maybe a little bit
a different argument. I don't bet on
sports personally. I don't get
entertainment value out of it. When I
make bets on prediction markets, it's
for me it's because I want to make
money.
I'm not really hedging anything. But a
lot of people do use this for sports.
And I mean, I don't know if you know the
answer to this, but you know, is this
how different is this from the sports
specific platforms like a DraftKings
kind of thing?
In both cases, you're betting on the
outcome of a sporting event, right?
Structurally under the hood, it is
pretty different like we talked about.
Are you betting against the house or are
you betting against whoever's in the
market?
And the prediction markets like to say
they're peer-to-peer, and so it could be
anyone on the other side.
But
my gut again would be that on average
the people posting limit orders in these
books are often professionals.
>> Professional what? Professional sports
betters or are they people from the
world of, you know, market making firms
who who are good at, you know, kind of
just odds making as as part of their job
as an investor? It could be either.
And I think particularly in the in the
sports case, there are you know, there
are very sharp sports betters and I know
they're you know, using some of these
platforms. So it is yes, peer-to-peer,
but that doesn't mean your your peer is,
you know, a guy in a bar on his phone.
He's probably a guy in front of a
computer.
We're going to take a quick break and
when we come back, we're going to be
talking about whether and how you as an
investor might want to use prediction
markets as part of your own portfolio.
When we come back in a minute with
Andrew Courtney.
All right, welcome back. So Andrew, tell
us about how you use
uh prediction markets as
either investing or speculating or what
what
you know, what what what what activities
are you doing in prediction markets? So
I read the Wall Street Journal every day
and I think it helps me stay informed
about the world.
But it's very rare that I go from
reading the article to placing a trade
in my brokerage account. And so I kind
of think about prediction markets the
same way. I often will read an article
and then check out if is there a
relevant prediction market contract.
If the news was surprising, did it move?
And I say, oh, does that make sense? Do
I understand why this is moving, what
this probability is? And so for me the
main use case is I pair it with news and
I I think it helps me understand the
world in terms of these geopolitical
contracts. And that's just as a viewer,
a passive viewer of the prediction
market. Exactly. And I think for most
investors, that's the best use case. I
don't think most investors need to be
trading these platforms, but I do think
as an information source, um they're
much more legible than stock prices.
What does Apple trading at a certain
price mean? But some of these things,
you know, will this event happen by this
date? I think I'm much more legible
about understanding the world and seeing
that probability change and change
because of say some news story, I think
is a good way to to understand the
world. So you don't have to go in and do
your discounted cash flow analysis to
figure out if this is a fair price. You
could say, oh, what does this prediction
market contract say? And oh, that makes
sense that it would be moving in that
direction because of what the news was
today. Or was this news surprising? Or
was it already priced in? And not to say
these contracts always efficient. And so
sometimes when I look at it, I say, you
know, what that doesn't make sense to me
and maybe I do a little more research.
And then
maybe I also have some reason why the
price might be wrong.
And that's when I would actually want to
trade was not only do I feel like I
understand it, but I think there's some
reason the market's wrong. That's And so
that's
pretty actually pretty low percent of
the time when I'm looking at this.
But I need all those things to want to
trade. Prediction market information is
being used all over the place. As a
matter of fact, our parent company here
at the Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones,
has a partnership with Polymarket.
What are the things people should know
about the quality of that information?
When should they think that it's
good information? When should they be
skeptical of it? Is there anything you
can tell us about that?
>> Sometimes prediction markets
especially with people working there are
described as truth machines or maybe as
oracles and I don't think I don't treat
them that way. I treat them as an
educated guess. So a kind of fuzzy
probability. And if it's way off, then
someone has an incentive to come in and
and make a profit off that.
>> Can you give an example of a trade that
you actually made money on?
So there was a contract on who will
President Trump nominate to be the next
Fed chair.
And even after he announced Kevin Warsh,
his odds didn't go all the way to 100%.
And I think it was a month, month and a
half where somebody bought millions of
contracts of Judy Shelton to be
nominated as Fed chair.
>> What the heck?
I mean, millions. She was a she was a
name from from from the past, you know.
>> trying to figure out is there is this
some like, you know, sleeper
probability? And you could tell it was
one person doing this based on the the
flow or I wasn't sure, but
it seemed like it was likely, you know,
a small percent of the market. One one
piece of that is
if you're buying millions of shares at a
penny, you don't you're not actually
putting up much money. Right? So
but to take the other side of it
actually costs a lot of capital. So
there was much more capital on the no
side. And you know, someone could know
something. I I sat there watching it for
a little bit.
But I thought, okay, well, this is
actually really important information if
the Fed chair is not going to be Kevin
Warsh. And
you know,
if that was the case, I'd probably hear
about it from some Fed watchers or it
might leak or the bond market might be
doing funny things. And
I only saw it on Twitter and prediction
markets. So I I put a small percent of
my portfolio, not a huge percent, in
betting on the no, which which paid out
a dollar once once the nomination came
to the Senate.
The funny thing is even though I won
that bet, I don't actually know if it
was a good bet.
When you buy you know, if you're buying
no at 97%, you need to be right a lot.
>> Right. And so maybe the maybe the true
odds were different and I I just got
lucky.
>> Because you don't have complete
information about the likelihood of Judy
Shelton having been the nominee. Right.
If if we had to play the if we had to
play this out many, many times, I'd get
a feel for my track record, but it is
hard to say sometimes when you're when
you're trading these really tail
contracts.
>> Fascinating. We should have professional
traders on this podcast more often. We
learn a lot more about how you operate.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, and and but to that point, you
know, a lot of the feedback from our
listeners is often that they are not
very active. They are set it and forget
it. They're looking more for like asset
classes and shifting between that. For
that type of investor, the person who's
not super active, but who does think
about, you know, kind of portfolio
construction or kind of big big picture
trends in their portfolio,
>> [sighs]
>> how should they be using
or maybe should they be using at all
prediction markets in their process?
I think right now it can be expensive to
trade on these markets. I do think it's
worth looking at the prices and thinking
about does this match how I view the
world when I when I make these
investments in various asset classes? I
think that's a it's a great thing to
check out.
Um I think trading on prediction markets
is more like a job. Mhm. You know,
you're you're doing work and that work
gets you rewarded if you're doing sharp
insights. It's um but for long-term
investing there's there are great, you
know, passive low-cost options that
don't require a ton of work, you know,
set set it and forget it retirement type
thing. I think most people should be
doing that and if you want to do the job
of a trader, then put a lot of time into
it and effort. Um
I right now I think I think it's better
used as an information source than as
something that to jump into and start
trading. So, bottom line, why is there
so much kind of talk and excitement
about prediction markets? Because as as
we've been discussing, you know, at the
end of the day they're part of the same
continuum as other kinds of investing.
What is it that they present that is new
or interesting or novel in the markets
that you think, you know, that that that
you've, you know, sort of, you know, for
now dedicated your professional life to
writing about them and thinking about
them. What what what is it that that is
at their core interesting about
prediction markets? So, they're legible.
Market prices are are not probabilities.
It's a lot easier to understand what
does this contract mean and relate an
event to a probability. Um and
you know, market professionals already
view prices with probabilities based on,
you know, options, but only only market
participants really understand those
probabilities. This provides a view to
the public that's, I think, more much
more easily understandable about a lot
of things people care about. And so, I
think that legibility is a really
important thing. And like we said, there
are contracts that don't map cleanly to
other traded instruments in the market
like the election contract. So, if I
would say like the highest use case,
it's a combination of those two things.
And listen, there's a lot of other
things going on that, you know, are are
maybe less societally important that are
important for the business of these
companies, but when I say these are
interesting, that's that's what I mean.
I guess that's interesting, you know, we
talk about democratization of markets
and well, a lot of a lot of people
companies talk about democratization of
markets and and what you're saying is,
you know, when when a professional looks
at the price of the S&P, they can see
what is baked into that. They can see
what futures are contemplated in that
price. You or I maybe are not so good at
doing that. Well, not I'm I'm pointing
at me and Miriam, not at you, by the
way.
>> [laughter]
>> Um
but now I can see. I can see a
prediction, you know, a percentage
probability on a market that that does
map to that. So, you're saying I'm
getting information that might have only
been accessible if I really knew what I
was doing and understood the math and
now I can just sort of see it on a page.
Yeah. All right. Well, you know, and if
you want to bet on them, caveat emptor,
right?
>> [laughter]
>> We're not recommending that. Andrew,
thanks so much for your time and for
this great conversation. Um pleasure
being here. Thank you very much.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I thought it might be cute to be like,
there's a 99% chance that it's a great
conversation.
>> [laughter]
>> And you'll be like I'll be [music] like,
well,
I'm an insider because I already was in.
>> [laughter]
>> And so, I'm going to
>> Okay, I like that.
Why not? It's dorky now.
>> like, I think it's 100%, so I would buy
that. You'd say like, well, that's
insider trading, tell us. You already
[laughter] know it's
Is that too dorky?
>> [music]